===== PAGE 1 =====
1©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
MIDAS Acquiring setup
7 April 2026

===== PAGE 2 =====
2©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
This presentation is furnished to you solely in your capacity as a customer of Visa Inc. and/or a 
participant in the Visa payments system. By accepting this presentation, you acknowledge that the 
information contained herein (the “Information”) is confidential and subject to the confidentiality 
restrictions contained in Visa’s operating regulations and/or other confidentiality agreements, which 
limit your use of the Information. You agree to keep the Information confidential and not to use the 
Information for any purpose other than in your capacity as a customer of Visa Inc. or as a participant 
in the Visa payments system. The Information may only be disseminated within your organization on 
a need-to-know basis to enable your participation in the Visa payments system. Please be advised 
that the Information may constitute material non public information under U.S. federal securities 
laws and that purchasing or selling securities of Visa Inc. while being aware of material non public
information would constitute a violation of applicable U.S. federal securities laws.
Notice of confidentiality

===== PAGE 3 =====
3©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
Acquirer Client Onboarding Process
PIF: Program Information Form
PRM: Program Request Manager
TPA: Third Party Agent
DIC: Digital Issuer Certification
DDA: Direct Debit Authority
SFT Online: Settlement Fund Transfer Online
VCLM: Visa Client Lifecycle Management
CIQ: Client Information Questionnaire
VBN: Visa Business News 
GOC: Global Operating Certificates
VOIP: Visa Online Invoice Portal
Acquiring Monitoring 
Program
Acquirer Program Review
Submit Risk Assessment Questionnaire
Scope
Implementation (Minimum 60 business days) 
❑ Assign Implementation 
manager
❑ Scoping call to review 
deliverables
Settlement Account
❑ Setup bank a/c details 
in SFT-O
❑ Configuration of 
settlement routing 
details in VisaNet
Setup & 
Configuration
Go-live
❑ BIN Configuration
❑ Visa Resolve Online
❑ Set up Host
❑ 3D secure
❑ Merchant enrollment
❑ VCMS enrollment
Pre-Work 
❑ Project scoping
❑ Finalize processor 
selection if using 3rd 
party processor
❑ Set up bank accounts 
by client
Production Setup
(3 weeks before Go-Live)
Provisional BID 
Assignment
DIC: Digital Issuer Certification
Complete and obtain 
required approval 2 weeks 
before Go-live:
❑ License Approval
❑ Post Collateral
❑ Risk Review
❑ CNP approval (if 
applicable)
❑ 3rd Party Registration
❑ Service Delivery 
Implementation
Go-live DependenciesLicense Application Process
Approval/
ConditionAML Compliance Review
Credit Settlement Risk Review Licensing Fee & 
Execute Agreement
Risk Track Assessment
BIN 
Assignment
High Integrity Risk 
Registration
Third Party Agent 
(TPA) Registration
VARS
Review
Testing
❑ Host testing
❑ Terminal and reader
❑ Attended host testing
❑ Base II self test and 
reports reconciliation
❑ Completion note (90 
days validity)
Settlement 
Services
Tools and Resources
❑ VCLM & CIQ
❑ PRM
❑ SFT Online
❑ DNSSP & VOIP
❑ VBN & Rules
❑ VOIP
❑ GOC
Initial Steps Onboarding Workstreams  (can be processed in parallel)
License
Application
Required to enable 
enrolling in Visa Access 
for tools and resources, 
and to initiate 
onboarding  
workstreams
1
2
Visa Access 
Enrollment
3
❑ Partner Portal
❑ Documentation
Request acquiring BINs 
via VCLM tool, 
to enable configuration, 
testing, solutioning
Register your third-party 
service providers and 
TPAs via PRM tool
Visa Acceptance Risk 
Standards control 
framework review.
Required where Acquirer 
contracts with merchant 
or TPA classified as High 
Integrity Risk
CNP program identifying 
Acquirers with excessive 
levels of fraud, dispute 
and enumeration activity.
Submit via SFT Online for 
International, and submit 
offline for national 
settlement, where 
applicable 
❑ Schedule VisaNet 
effective date
❑ Auto-collection of Fees
❑ Post Go-live monitoring 
of transactions & issues 
(for 2 weeks)
4
Workstream Legend
Licensing Services/Systems
Provisional BID Risk Management
Implementation
Collateral 
❑ Collateral package 
consideration
❑ Execute collateral 
agreement 
❑ Post CollateralVisa to Conduct Risk Review

===== PAGE 4 =====
4©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
Projected Setup Cost – Principal Acquiring
• Last Updated 11th Feb 2026
• Please note that the fees listed might not be exhaustive and might not include any incidental charges or chargebacks.
• Please note that all of the fees serve as estimates, and are subject to change at any given time. For the most updated fees, please refer to the Visa Fee Schedule on Visa Online.
Category Fee Frequency Amount 
(USD)
Cost 
Exampl
e (USD)
Description Comments & 
Assumptions
Billing milestone Billing Timing
Licensing Initial Service Fee One time fee 75,000 Principal
50,000 
Associate
75,000 Membership joining fee paid to access the benefits of Visa 
membership. Primarily comprised of due diligence, member risk 
review and set-up assistance services provided to License clients.
Principal membership Invoiced as soon as Licensing 
reviews kick off. Estimated May 
Invoice
To wire transfer to Visa at earliest 
convenience for license approval
Numeric Licensing Fee Per BIN 
assignment
500 1,000 Assignment fee for obtaining a new Issuing BIN or Acquiring ID. Fee assessed for 2 BINs After provisional BID is assigned, 
Midas team can proceed to 
assign BINs. Will be invoiced on 
that month accordingly.
After BIN go live
Project Management 
and Client Configuration
Project Management Fee Per project/month 3,000 18,000 Project management and client configuration (PMCC)  covers 
implementation of new programs which can include: new PCRs; 
additions to existing programs, New or Relocations of a Data 
Center.
Calculated based on 6 months of 
project management fees (6 x 
3,000)
Invoices upon kick off of the 
Implementation project with the 
Implementation manager
After BIN go live
New Program Installation Per numeric PCR: 3,000
CIB: 3,000
6,000 Fee will be assessed to each new program installation per PCR, CIB 
and/or Settlement BIN.
Assuming 1x CIB and 1x PCR 
Numeric assigned
Invoices after CIQ is completed 
and raised as a configuration 
request by Implementation 
manager
After BIN go live
Endpoint Certification Issuance 
Fee
Per certificate 550 550 This fee applies to all clients and service providers that request an 
endpoint certificate for encrypted connectivity with VisaNet.
Applied if endpoint certificate 
requested
Invoices after CIQ is completed 
and raised as a configuration 
request by Implementation 
manager
After BIN go live
eCommerce Digital Certificate 
Issuance
Per certificate 550 550 This fee applies to all clients and service providers that request an 
e-commerce digital certificate for 3DS Server connectivity 
Applied if 3DS Server Certificate 
requested 
After BIN go live
Testing Attended Testing Fee Per hour 1000 per hour 12,000 Attended Testing is a fee-based support service where clients rely 
on Visa test engineers for testing.
Estimated 12  testing hours for 
implementation purposes.
Invoices after completion of 
attended testing with Visa 
Testing team, once total number 
of hours are tabulated
After BIN go live
Host Test Cards Package Per Package 1000 1000 Test Cards for Acquiring Testing Fee assessed for 1 Test Cards 
Package
Invoiced once request for test 
cards for acquiring testing have 
been submitted by client 
After BIN go live
Visa Secure Test Suite (VSTS) Per Subscription 7,500 7,500 The Visa Secure Test Suite (VSTS) is available for Visa Secure EMV 
3DS Access Control Server (ACS) and 3DS Server solution 
providers, as well as clients that have developed their own 
solutions to ensure that their software complies with Visa EMV 
3DS specification prior to deployment.
Fee assessed for 90 days 
subscription fees . Only 
applicable if clients have own 
3DS Server
Invoiced once client has 
requested for VSTS access.
After BIN go live
Visa Dedicated Access –
third party processing/ 
self processing, direct 
access  to settlement & 
self-testing
Visa Clearing Exchange License 
Fee
One time fee 8,000 8,000 The BASE II VCX software supplied by Visa for processing 
transaction files and is the interface between the processing 
centers internal payment processing systems and the VisaNet 
Access Point (VAP).
Fee assessed for 1 CIB, assuming 
VCX is required.
Invoiced once Implementation 
manager provides confirmation 
to proceed with VCX 
After BIN go live
VisaNet Test System – System 
License Fee
One time fee 5,000 5,000 VTS-VIP is a Visa-supplied software to clients for their host testing 
purpose. It emulates an endpoints VisaNet connection, both in the 
content of the messages and in the communication protocol. This 
is used for host testing purposes.
Only applicable if required by 
client, according to third-party 
processor requirements.
Invoiced upon completion of 
VTS  tools request form and 
submission to team
After BIN go live
Visa Cloud Connect Access Fee, 
or,
New Extended Access Server 
(EAS) Installation Fee
Per endpoint 10,000 20,000 Clients connecting directly to Visanet using own endpoint Fee assessed for 1 Production 
and 1 DR endpoint. Only 
applicable if client setup own 
endpoint 
Invoiced upon activation of 
Endpoint after all testing and 
certification is completed
After BIN go live

===== PAGE 5 =====
5©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
Projected Setup Cost – Event related fees Principal Acquiring
Category Fee Frequency Amount (USD) Cost Example 
(USD)
Description Comments & Assumptions
Project Management and 
Client Configuration
Configuration 
Reschedule
Per 
numeric/event
3,500 3,500 Request to reschedule a previously established system 
configuration change after a Visa acknowledgement notification 
has been sent (e.g., client requests a change in the effective 
implementation date).
Only if required/requested
Configuration 
Cancellation
Per 
numeric/event
6,500 6,500 Request to cancel a configuration request after a Visa 
acknowledgement notification has been sent.
Only if required/requested
Configuration Expedite Per numeric 6,500 6,500 Request without the required minimum notice to implement 
faster than the established lead time for a particular configuration 
request
Only if required/requested
Expedited Endpoint 
Certification Issuance 
Fee
Per certificate 1,000 1,000 This fee will be charged when a client or service provider 
requests a certificate to be issued in less than the established 
lead times for each of the following certificate types; i.e. Visa 
Secure eCommerce, Endpoint and VSDC IPK.
Only if required/requested
Testing Expedited Testing 
Requests
Per request 3,000 3,000 For clients who request for Attended Testing schedules & Issuer 
Card Personalization validation requests to be assigned a higher 
priority, Test slot of up to two hours.
Only if required/requested
Cancellation Fees for 
Scheduled Attended 
Testing (Within 24 Hours)
Per request 2,000 2,000 For clients who request to cancel scheduled Attended Testing 
(provided with less than 24 hours notice)  (Minimum 2 hours)
Only if required/requested
• Last Updated 11th Feb 2026
• Please note that the fees listed might not be exhaustive and might not include any incidental charges or chargebacks.
• Please note that all of the fees serve as estimates, and are subject to change at any given time. For the most updated fees, please refer to the Visa Fee Schedule on Visa Online.

===== PAGE 6 =====
6©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
Projected Setup Cost – Recurring Fees Principal Acquiring
Category Fee Frequency Amount (USD) Cost Example 
(USD)
Description Comments & 
Assumptions
Visa Online Visa Online Access Fee Per quarter, 
per Business 
ID
1,250 5000 Visa Online (VOL) serves as Visa’s B2B portal for clients to access tools and 
information to run a payments business with Visa. 
1 Business ID, 
Annualised 
Visa Resolve Online Visa Resolve Online Per month 200 2,400 Basic Package Access - Visa Resolve Online (VROL) is a Visa managed dispute 
management service mandated for use in the Visa Rules, primarily used for 
document exchange in supporting dispute processes.
Access as either issuer 
or acquirer only, and not 
both. Annualised.
Testing Self-Service Tools (VTS-
V.I.P. + VTS-CS + Visa Test 
Portal)
Per year 5,000 5,000 Visa provides a suite of self-testing tools and support services that allow clients 
to test their setup compatibility with VisaNet.
Annualised
Visa Clearing Exchange VCX Subscription Per month, 
per CIB 
subscribed
500 6,000 The VCX software provided to Visa Clients worldwide for processing transaction 
files sent to and received from VisaNet.  This fee will cover expenses associated 
with operational support, updates, maintenance, training and documentation. 
Assuming VCX is 
required, annualised
Third Party Agent Third Party Agent Fees Per year MV < $100MB: 
2,500
MV < $100M: 5,000
MV < $1B: 10,000
MV > $10B: 30,000
5,000 The Third Party Agent Program is a Visa-mandated program to ensure Visa 
clients register their Third Party Agents with Visa before the entities provide 
payment related services for the clients. 
Annualised
Fund Transfer 
Settlement Reporting 
Entity (FTSRE)
Fund Transfer 
Settlement Reporting 
Entity (FTSRE) Fee
Monthly 350 0 FTSREs are required for each funds transfer that a Client makes to Visa, or Visa 
makes to a Client, where a direct settlement relationship exists. This relates to a 
monthly charge assessed to members and processors for each additional funds 
transfer point.
Not required if settling 
international 
transactions in one 
currency, e.g. USD
Visa Cloud Connect , 
Monthly Maintenance 
Fee
Monthly Fee Monthly 5,000 to 50,000 
(volume 
dependent)
Up to 600,000 Clients connecting directly to VisaNet using own endpoint Fee assessed for 1 
Production and 1 DR 
endpoint. Only 
applicable if client setup 
own endpoint 
• Last Updated 11th Feb 2026
• Please note that the fees listed might not be exhaustive and might not include any incidental charges or chargebacks.
• Please note that all of the fees serve as estimates, and are subject to change at any given time. For the most updated fees, please refer to the Visa Fee Schedule on Visa Online.

===== PAGE 7 =====
7©2026 Visa. All rights reserved. Visa Confidential
Post-Implementation Costs – Recurring Principal Acquring
Category Fee Frequency Amount (USD) Cost Example 
(USD)
Description Comments & Assumptions
Fixed Service Fees Quarterly Minimum Fee Per quarter 7,500 30,000 Quarterly Minimum Fee applies to principal type 
clients who are no longer in the grace period and 
are required to certify an Operating Certificate 
including clients who have not started their Visa 
Programs (no volumes)
Grace Period: 3 Quarters from Provisional 
Business ID assignment, unless volume starts 
earlier. Annualised
Credit Settlement Risk Risk Monitoring Fee Per quarter 4,000 16,000 Risk monitoring fee will be levied on Principal 
clients that do not have a full international / 
global long- and short-term foreign currency 
credit rating issued by one of the three major 
agencies (e.g., S&P, Moody's or Fitch)
Annualised. 4,000 per quarter for non FIs.
License Fees
Refer to Visa Online – Fee Schedule for detailed breakdown (transaction level fees)
Service Fees
Network Fees
Network Fees and VisaNet 
Processing Chagres
International Transaction 
Fees
• Last Updated 11th Feb 2026
• Please note that the fees listed might not be exhaustive and might not include any incidental charges or chargebacks.
• Please note that all of the fees serve as estimates, and are subject to change at any given time. For the most updated fees, please refer to the Visa Fee Schedule on Visa Online.

